kickoff fielded by a short man on the 14
yard line that's McAfee breaking free
has a seam and increase the kicker camp
trip Eva headed for the end zone will be
back-to-back weeks yes a week ago it was
the Wisconsin Badgers tonight it is the
Missouri Tigers 86 yards for a touchdown
and you call it just like last week we
got settled in the Madison and it's
touchdown return by no reason Matt what
great walking amazing blocking to set up
the scene and all of a sudden Missouri
that's exactly what they need to get
this fan base in themselves to believe
that this time it can be different
against the mighty Sooners mcafee though
lot of instincts sure there's some great
blocks than his speed and instincts to
finance
the rest of course there's the snap
Austin looking to his left now fires to
the end zone and a leaping effort and
making the catch was Joshua Ashland's
for the touchdown I didn't know if he
was going to get a foot down or not but
I think he did Eric call it a touchdown
he showed some vertical on that one
desktop kittens getting up in the air
making the catch getting the foot down
and peers sharks are praying hammers
this one of the near boundary Niles
coming over at the goal line a yard deep
he's coming out all of the ten fifteens
got a scene 2030 download every boundary
40 miles cuts back 50 40 35 30 2015 10 5
touchdown I'll fall with a 100 1 yard
kickoff just 83 here's the kick William
almere side and guard
gets to the meeting with the other
15 20 and those left 25 he's at the 30
35 40 50 down the sideline 40 william
powell 30 he's at the 20 he's going to
go 10 5 wildcat touchdown william powell
takes it to the house for Kansas State
at 1250 one of the third quarter and
that makes it 34 to 27 kansas tough
little athlete and the guy's a very
mature man they're looking for
well it was a pitch back and Blackmon
goes off slow what a wonderful job it's
so nuanced but as he came off the ball
you could see he was jogging at a mu
camara for one second let up and then
when he put on when Blackman stepped on
the accelerator Lou Camaro went to put
his hands on him and he missed and then
he never got that position Weeden
couldn't quite get enough air on that
ball but Blackmon is just so good at
adjusting when the ball is in the air
but it was just it's such a little thing
and they talked about black men in his
work ethic and it started last year the
bowl game and three for Mizzou
Gabbert takes the snap pressure up the
middle now throw seam pattern Jackson at
the 17 sounds early
38 yards
great great pants bed and gray
protection
in an empty backfield takes the snap
look slap pumps over the middle Kendall
Wright has it at the thirty five to
thirty the twenty five to twenty hang
goes to the left side of the 10 5
touchdown Kendall Wright 52 yards on the
touchdown pass catch and run Robert
Griffin to Kendall Wright I'll tell you
what was beautiful about that was as you
know the great call by Coach brows and
his staff because Robert Robert was very
patient and we're going to go to Ricky
because there was something in that
place to help to help kim will get into
the endzone that was shotgun snap to
gilbert he drops her some pressure
bladimir pop the loose and mcdonough
came up with it for iowa state iowa
state gets him right back in the 40-yard
line of texas gilbert was hit hard by
Latimer and mcdonough was right there to
come up with the football from the
Cyclones unbelievable play by Jacob
Latimore he's had quite